Fast Pair: Kconfig defaults removal (#16917)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE` Kconfig choice option allowing the user to select their target Fast Pair use case.
      The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_UNKNOWN`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_INPUT_DEVICE`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_LOCATOR_TAG` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_MOUSE` Kconfig options represent the supported use cases that can be selected as part of this Kconfig choice option.

  * Removed:

    * The MbedTLS cryptographic backend support in Fast Pair, because it is superseded by the PSA backend.
      Consequently, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_MBEDTLS` Kconfig option has also been removed.
    * The default override for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS_FW_REV` Kconfig options that enables these options together with the Google Fast Pair Service.
      This configuration is now explicitly selected by the Fast Pair use cases that require the Device Information Service (DIS).

>     * The default override for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS_FW_REV_STR` Kconfig option that is set to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMGTOOL_SIGN_VERSION` if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT` is enabled.

Reviewer: `that was set to .. if ... was enabled`?
Consider mentioning that the default value is handled by Zephyr now and it's set to app version

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE` Kconfig choice option allowing the user to select their target Fast Pair use case.
      The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_UNKNOWN`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_INPUT_DEVICE`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_LOCATOR_TAG` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_USE_CASE_MOUSE` Kconfig options represent the supported use cases that can be selected as part of this Kconfig choice option.

  * Removed:

    * The MbedTLS cryptographic backend support in Fast Pair, because it is superseded by the PSA backend.
      Consequently, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_MBEDTLS` Kconfig option has also been removed.

>     * The default override for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS_FW_REV` Kconfig options that enables these options together with the Google Fast Pair Service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The default override for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS_FW_REV` Kconfig options that enable these options together with the Google Fast Pair Service.
```

Author: I used `enables` as the "override" was meant to be the subject of the "enable" verb. However, there is actually one override per option, so I also changed the sentence in the following way: "override" -> "overrides". Hopefully, this is okay but feel free to correct me again if necessary :)

      This configuration is now selected only by the Fast Pair use cases that require the Device Information Service (DIS).
    * The default override for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIS_FW_REV_STR` Kconfig option that was set to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMGTOOL_SIGN_VERSION` if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT` was enabled.

>       The default override is now handled in the Kconfig of the Zephyr Device Information Service (DIS) module and is based on the Zephyr application versioning feature that uses the :file:`VERSION` file.

Reviewer: Maybe we could link here: https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/version/index.html instead of just mentioning `VERSION` file?

Author: added the :ref:`zephyr:app-version-details` also here

>       The default override is now handled in the Kconfig of the Zephyr Device Information Service (DIS) module and is based on the Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:app-version-details` that uses the :file:`VERSION` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The default override is now handled in the Kconfig of the Zephyr Device Information Service (DIS) module and is based on Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:app-version-details` that uses the :file:`VERSION` file.
```

>   * Updated the defaults for the following Fast Pair Kconfig options: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_SUBSEQUENT_PAIRING`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_GATT_SERVICE_MODEL_ID`.

Reviewer 2: Could move updated before "Removed" to follow the order.
```suggestion
 * Updated the default values of the following Fast Pair Kconfig options: 
 
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_SUBSEQUENT_PAIRING`
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING`
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN`
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_GATT_SERVICE_MODEL_ID`
```

Reviewer 2: Please move the "Updated" before "Removed" to maintain the order.
